You're going to create a custom
date format directive for
fields that formats timestamps.
Except the arguments,
arguments are extra credits.
Everything I just showed you
about arguments as extra credit,
just at least make a directive that
you can put on anything that's
a created at field, and it'll format it.
And don't worry about the formatting
there's a function that does it for
you automatically.
Create a field level auth directive,
which is also extra credit.
So we already have those
authorization helpers,
see if you can get rid of all that
on your resolvers, and instead,
make a directive that does the same thing,
and just add them on the fields yourself.
And then add your directives
to your Schema, obviously.
Otherwise, it's not gonna work.
So maybe a walk around on that.
If you go to the Utils function,
there's gonna be a format date
that takes in a time stamp,
and then it takes in a format.
It uses a package called date-fns.
But the format is pretty standard
timestamp format, and you could do things
like year, year, year, year, or month,
month, month, month, day, day day.
So you can look at the docs,
but this function takes in a stamp and
takes in a format and returns it.
So use this inside of your directive
to actually format a date.
The other thing you might have to do,
and there's two ways you can do it,
is in your type desk.
Anything that says created at,
you might have to change it to a string
inside of your Schemas here,
if it's not already.
There should be strings already,
but they're not.
Make sure they're all strings.
If not, you can like I said, you can
change them all to strings here, but
you can also change them inside
the directive, which is really cool.
So directives are really powerful.
I showed you some pretty crazy stuff,
but I didn't show you that you can
also do things like field dot type is
now going to be a graphqL string type.
You can completely change the whole type
of a field right here, if you wanted to.
You can do anything you want.
So if you wanted to change
created at to a string,
if they used to be integers as timestamps,
but after you format they became strings,
then you would have to change
it to a string right here.
So you can do all that
types of crazy stuff.
Up to you, how you want to do it.
And then again, the auth stuff,
this is literally the same thing that
we did already for the authorization.
You should be able to do a copy and
paste, minus some setup here.